so Joe had the son of Zechariah
so Joe had the son of Zechariah perceived that the king's heart was
perceived that the king's heart was
perceived that the king's heart was concerned about Absalom and Joab sent to
concerned about Absalom and Joab sent to
concerned about Absalom and Joab sent to Toccoa and brought from there a wise
Toccoa and brought from there a wise
Toccoa and brought from there a wise woman please pretend to be a mourner and
woman please pretend to be a mourner and
woman please pretend to be a mourner and and put on mourning apparel
and put on mourning apparel
and put on mourning apparel do not anoint yourself with oil but act
do not anoint yourself with oil but act
do not anoint yourself with oil but act like a woman who has been mourning a
like a woman who has been mourning a
like a woman who has been mourning a long time for the dead go to the king
long time for the dead go to the king
long time for the dead go to the king and speak to him in this manner so Jonah
and speak to him in this manner so Jonah
and speak to him in this manner so Jonah put the words in her mouth and when the
put the words in her mouth and when the
put the words in her mouth and when the woman of Toccoa spoke to the king she
woman of Toccoa spoke to the king she
woman of Toccoa spoke to the king she fell on her face to the ground and
fell on her face to the ground and
fell on her face to the ground and frustrated herself okay what troubles
frustrated herself okay what troubles
frustrated herself okay what troubles you indeed I have a widow my husband is
you indeed I have a widow my husband is
you indeed I have a widow my husband is dead now your maidservant had two sons
dead now your maidservant had two sons
dead now your maidservant had two sons and the two fought with each other in
and the two fought with each other in
and the two fought with each other in the field and there was no one to part
the field and there was no one to part
the field and there was no one to part them but the one struck the other and
them but the one struck the other and
them but the one struck the other and killed him and now the whole family has
killed him and now the whole family has
killed him and now the whole family has risen up against your maidservant and
risen up against your maidservant and
risen up against your maidservant and they said deliver him who struck his
they said deliver him who struck his
they said deliver him who struck his brother that we may execute him for the
brother that we may execute him for the
brother that we may execute him for the life of his brother whom he killed and
life of his brother whom he killed and
life of his brother whom he killed and we will destroy the heir also so they
we will destroy the heir also so they
we will destroy the heir also so they would extinguish my anger that is left
would extinguish my anger that is left
would extinguish my anger that is left and leave to my husband neither name nor
and leave to my husband neither name nor
and leave to my husband neither name nor remnant on the earth go to your house
remnant on the earth go to your house
remnant on the earth go to your house and I will give orders concerning you my
and I will give orders concerning you my
and I will give orders concerning you my lord o king let be iniquity beyond me
lord o king let be iniquity beyond me
lord o king let be iniquity beyond me and on my father's house and the king
and on my father's house and the king
and on my father's house and the king and his throne be guiltless whoever says
and his throne be guiltless whoever says
and his throne be guiltless whoever says anything to you and bring him to me and
anything to you and bring him to me and
anything to you and bring him to me and he shall not touch you anymore please
he shall not touch you anymore please
he shall not touch you anymore please let the King remember the Lord your God
let the King remember the Lord your God
let the King remember the Lord your God and do not permit the Avenger of blood
and do not permit the Avenger of blood
and do not permit the Avenger of blood to destroy anymore lest they destroy my
to destroy anymore lest they destroy my
to destroy anymore lest they destroy my son as the Lord lives not one hair of
son as the Lord lives not one hair of
son as the Lord lives not one hair of your son shall fall to the ground please
your son shall fall to the ground please
your son shall fall to the ground please let your maidservant speak another word
let your maidservant speak another word
let your maidservant speak another word to my lord the king say on why then have
to my lord the king say on why then have
to my lord the king say on why then have you schemed such a thing against the
you schemed such a thing against the
you schemed such a thing against the people of God where the King speaks this
people of God where the King speaks this
people of God where the King speaks this thing as one who was guilty in that the
thing as one who was guilty in that the
thing as one who was guilty in that the King does not bring his banished one
King does not bring his banished one
King does not bring his banished one home again for we will surely die and
home again for we will surely die and
home again for we will surely die and become like water spilled on the ground
become like water spilled on the ground
become like water spilled on the ground which cannot be gathered up again yet
which cannot be gathered up again yet
which cannot be gathered up again yet God does not take away a life but he
God does not take away a life but he
God does not take away a life but he devises means so that his banished ones
devises means so that his banished ones
devises means so that his banished ones are not expelled from him now therefore
are not expelled from him now therefore
are not expelled from him now therefore I have come to speak of this thing to my
I have come to speak of this thing to my
I have come to speak of this thing to my lord the King because the people have
lord the King because the people have
lord the King because the people have made me afraid and your maidservant said
made me afraid and your maidservant said
made me afraid and your maidservant said I will now speak to the king it may be
I will now speak to the king it may be
I will now speak to the king it may be that the King will perform the request
that the King will perform the request
that the King will perform the request of his maidservant for the king will
of his maidservant for the king will
of his maidservant for the king will hear and deliver his maidservant from
hear and deliver his maidservant from
hear and deliver his maidservant from the hand of the man who would destroy me
the hand of the man who would destroy me
the hand of the man who would destroy me and my son together from the inheritance
and my son together from the inheritance
and my son together from the inheritance of God your maidservant said the word of
of God your maidservant said the word of
of God your maidservant said the word of my lord the king will now be comforting
my lord the king will now be comforting
my lord the king will now be comforting for as the angel of God so is my lord
for as the angel of God so is my lord
for as the angel of God so is my lord the king and discerning good and evil
the king and discerning good and evil
the king and discerning good and evil and may the Lord your God be with you
and may the Lord your God be with you
and may the Lord your God be with you please do not hide from me anything that
please do not hide from me anything that
please do not hide from me anything that I ask you please let my lord the King
I ask you please let my lord the King
I ask you please let my lord the King speak
speak
speak is the hand of Joab with you in all this
is the hand of Joab with you in all this
is the hand of Joab with you in all this as you live my lord the King no one can
as you live my lord the King no one can
as you live my lord the King no one can turn to the right hand or to the left
turn to the right hand or to the left
turn to the right hand or to the left from anything that my lord the King has
from anything that my lord the King has
from anything that my lord the King has spoken for your servant Joab commanded
spoken for your servant Joab commanded
spoken for your servant Joab commanded me and he put all these words in the
me and he put all these words in the
me and he put all these words in the mouth of your maidservant to bring about
mouth of your maidservant to bring about
mouth of your maidservant to bring about this change of affairs your servant Joab
this change of affairs your servant Joab
this change of affairs your servant Joab has done this thing but my Lord is wise
has done this thing but my Lord is wise
has done this thing but my Lord is wise according to the wisdom of the angel of
according to the wisdom of the angel of
according to the wisdom of the angel of God to know everything that is in the
God to know everything that is in the
God to know everything that is in the earth and the King said to Joab all
earth and the King said to Joab all
earth and the King said to Joab all right I have granted this thing go
right I have granted this thing go
right I have granted this thing go therefore bring back the young man
therefore bring back the young man
therefore bring back the young man Absalom then Joab fell to the ground on
Absalom then Joab fell to the ground on
Absalom then Joab fell to the ground on his face and bowed himself and thanked
his face and bowed himself and thanked
his face and bowed himself and thanked the king today
the king today
the king today your servant knows that I have found
your servant knows that I have found
your servant knows that I have found favor in your sight my lord o king in
favor in your sight my lord o king in
favor in your sight my lord o king in that the king has fulfilled a request of
that the king has fulfilled a request of
that the king has fulfilled a request of his servant so Joab arose who went to
his servant so Joab arose who went to
his servant so Joab arose who went to GISA and brought Absalom to Jerusalem
GISA and brought Absalom to Jerusalem
GISA and brought Absalom to Jerusalem and the King said let him return to his
and the King said let him return to his
and the King said let him return to his own house but do not let him see my face
own house but do not let him see my face
own house but do not let him see my face so Absalom returned to his own house but
so Absalom returned to his own house but
so Absalom returned to his own house but did not see the Kings face now in all
did not see the Kings face now in all
did not see the Kings face now in all Israel there was no one who was praised
Israel there was no one who was praised
Israel there was no one who was praised as much as Absalom for his good looks
as much as Absalom for his good looks
as much as Absalom for his good looks from the sole of his foot to the crown
from the sole of his foot to the crown
from the sole of his foot to the crown of his head
of his head
of his head there was no blemish in him and when he
there was no blemish in him and when he
there was no blemish in him and when he cut the hair of his head
cut the hair of his head
cut the hair of his head at the end of every year he cut it
at the end of every year he cut it
at the end of every year he cut it because it was heavy on him when he cut
because it was heavy on him when he cut
because it was heavy on him when he cut it he weighed the hair of his head at
it he weighed the hair of his head at
it he weighed the hair of his head at 200 shekels according to the king's
200 shekels according to the king's
200 shekels according to the king's standard to Absalom were born three sons
standard to Absalom were born three sons
standard to Absalom were born three sons and one daughter whose name was tamer
and one daughter whose name was tamer
and one daughter whose name was tamer she was a woman of beautiful appearance
she was a woman of beautiful appearance
she was a woman of beautiful appearance and Absalom dwelt two full years in
and Absalom dwelt two full years in
and Absalom dwelt two full years in Jerusalem but did not see the king's
Jerusalem but did not see the king's
Jerusalem but did not see the king's face therefore Absalom sent for Joanna
face therefore Absalom sent for Joanna
face therefore Absalom sent for Joanna to send him to the king but he would not
to send him to the king but he would not
to send him to the king but he would not come to him and when he sent again the
come to him and when he sent again the
come to him and when he sent again the second time he would not come so he said
second time he would not come so he said
second time he would not come so he said to his servants see Joe ABB's field is
to his servants see Joe ABB's field is
to his servants see Joe ABB's field is near mine and he has barley there go and
near mine and he has barley there go and
near mine and he has barley there go and set it on fire
then Joab arose and came to Absalom's
then Joab arose and came to Absalom's house why have your servants set in my
house why have your servants set in my
house why have your servants set in my field on fire
field on fire
field on fire look I sent to you saying come here so
look I sent to you saying come here so
look I sent to you saying come here so that I may send you to the king to say
that I may send you to the king to say
that I may send you to the king to say why have I come from Asia it would be
why have I come from Asia it would be
why have I come from Asia it would be better for me to be there still now
better for me to be there still now
better for me to be there still now therefore let me see the Kings face but
therefore let me see the Kings face but
therefore let me see the Kings face but if there is iniquity in me let him
if there is iniquity in me let him
if there is iniquity in me let him execute me
execute me
execute me so Joab went to the king and told him
so Joab went to the king and told him
so Joab went to the king and told him and when he had called for Absalom he
and when he had called for Absalom he
and when he had called for Absalom he came to the king and bowed himself on
came to the king and bowed himself on
came to the king and bowed himself on his face to the ground before the king
his face to the ground before the king
his face to the ground before the king then the king kissed
then the king kissed
then the king kissed Absalom